feature: extract label matchers from the prometheus-rules labels (#3175)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/mimir/mimir.rules.kubernetes.md

The following arguments are supported:

| Name                    | Type     | Description                                         | Default | Required |
| ----------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| `match_type`            | `string` | The type of match. One of `=`, `!=`, `=~` and `!~`. |         | yes      |
| `name`                  | `string` | Name of the label to match.                         |         | yes      |
| `value`                 | `string` | Value of the label to match.                        |         | no       |

> | `value_from_label`      | `string` | Value extracted from the rule label to match.       |         | no       |

Reviewer: Please add an example of using this new argument to the readme.

Author: Let me know what you think :)

> | `value_from_label`      | `string` | Value extracted from the rule label to match.       |         | no       |

Author: What do you think about simething like:
```suggestion
| `value_from_label`      | `string` | Value of the PrometheusRule label in Kubernetes to match.       |         | no       |
```

> | `value_from_label`      | `string` | Value of the PrometheusRule label in Kubernetes to match.       |         | no       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `value_from_label`      | `string` | Value of the Kubernetes `PrometheusRule` label to match.       |         | no       |
```

Switch it around to match the structure of the other definitions. It's not perfect :-) but it's at least consistent this way.

The following arguments are supported:

> | Name                    | Type     | Description                                         | Default | Required |
> | ----------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
> | `match_type`            | `string` | The type of match. One of `=`, `!=`, `=~` and `!~`. |         | yes      |
> | `name`                  | `string` | Name of the label to match.                         |         | yes      |
> | `value`                 | `string` | Value of the label to match.                        |         | no       |
> | `value_from_label`      | `string` | Value of the Kubernetes `PrometheusRule` label to match.       |         | no       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Name               | Type     | Description                                              | Default | Required |
| ------------------ | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- |
| `match_type`       | `string` | The type of match. One of `=`, `!=`, `=~` and `!~`.      |         | yes      |
| `name`             | `string` | Name of the label to match.                              |         | yes      |
| `value`            | `string` | Value of the label to match.                             |         | no       |
| `value_from_label` | `string` | Value of the Kubernetes `PrometheusRule` label to match. |         | no       |
```

Just table formatting

If a query in the form of `up != 1` is found in `PrometheusRule` CRDs, it's' modified to `up{cluster=~"prod-.*"} != 1` before sending it to Mimir.

This example extracts the value from the label `application.kubernetes.io/name` of the PrometheusRules CR and adds a label matcher with the value `{app=~"extracted_value"}` to all the queries discovered by `mimir.rules.kubernetes`.

```yaml

> apiVersion: monitoring.coreos.com/v1

Reviewer 2: It might help to explain what the YAML is showing (The follwing YAML shows....)  and then move the text explaining the Alloy config to line ~304 between the YAML and Alloy snippet. This would make it a bit easier to tell what is what and break up the two code blocks a little.

Author: What do you think about the changes?

Reviewer 2: Small tweak to the wording and looks good :-)

Author: Thank you

kind: PrometheusRule
  metadata:
    labels:
      application.kubernetes.io/name: my-app
```

```alloy
mimir.rules.kubernetes "default" {
    address = "<GRAFANA_CLOUD_METRICS_URL>"
    extra_query_matchers {
        matcher {
            name = "app"
            match_type = "="
            value_from_label = "application.kubernetes.io/name"
        }
    }
}
```

> If a query in the form of `up != 1` is found in `PrometheusRule` CRDs, it's' modified to `up{app="my-app"} != 1` before sending it to Mimir.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a query in the form of `up != 1` is found in `PrometheusRule` CRDs, it's modified to `up{app="my-app"} != 1` before sending it to Mimir.
```

If a query in the form of `up != 1` is found in `PrometheusRule` CRDs, it's' modified to `up{cluster=~"prod-.*"} != 1` before sending it to Mimir.

> This example is showing a Prometheus Rules labelled with the `application.kubernetes.io/name=my-app`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows a `PrometheusRule` with a label set to `application.kubernetes.io/name=my-app`.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: monitoring.coreos.com/v1
kind: PrometheusRule
  metadata:
    labels:
      application.kubernetes.io/name: my-app
```

> The following configuration extracts the value from the label `application.kubernetes.io/name` of the PrometheusRules CR and adds a label matcher with the value `{app=~"extracted_value"}` to all the queries discovered by the `mimir.rules.kubernetes` component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following configuration extracts the value from the PrometheusRules CR label `application.kubernetes.io/name` and adds a label matcher with the value `{app=~"extracted_value"}` to all the queries discovered by the `mimir.rules.kubernetes` component.
```
